About the group:
The Chicago AWS group has been around since 2009 and this incarnation has grown to 3,000+. We usually get 250 rsvps but don’t freak, usually 60-80 show up. 
We try to have events in the Loop during the week. We rotate host offices and topics but aim for consistency with pizza/drinks up front, 2 to 3 quality non-sales presentations, then wrap with q&a before the crowd dwindles seems 8pm. 
We are not run by AWS. We are proudly user-run and user-led. Amazon SA occasionally present and attend but it’s mostly locals. As a local, community group we do NOT offer speaker slots in return for sponsorship and we do NOT ever sell contact details of attendees.

Format / timing: 
We try to have 2-3 talks at about 30-45 min each with some time for questions at the end. If I think any talks might overlap I’m happy to email intro folks to coordinate talks.
Aim for a 30 min talk, and we can leave more time for questions and general mingling before/after. We’ll intro the group and have sponsor talk around 6pm, then talks start right after that. We like to bookend time for people to show up (5.30 - 6pm) then give time for people to grab late trains (8pm ish)


Content: 
We strongly enforce the "no sales pitch" rules for the group. We never offer sponsors a talk in exchange for sponsoring (they get 5 min at the start only). We don't allow commercial or product centric presentation slot, so mentioning your company/product is fine but please limit it to setting up context.
Beyond that, the content is all yours. Demos and code-on-screen are the most popular topics, followed by “here’s what I learned” talks. If you’re ok with it, we like to share slides with the group after the event. 

And if we are coordinated, we sometimes have volunteers record the talks. If you are NOT ok with that, let me know. Here are some past examples:
Jeremy from LI did a nice slide/demo hybrid: https://vimeo.com/222833137
Phil from Braintree was funny: https://vimeo.com/181730426
and Rob from Trek10 was slidey in a good way: https://vimeo.com/239592553

If this all sounds good, I’ll add you to the meetup event page. Can you send me the fill-in-the-blanks: 
"TALK TITLE" - NAME, TITLE at COMPANY // @TWITTER
